{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs40\lang9 PROJECT-1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1                  \fs36 PROJECT:- CODES \fs40 Medical Coding institute\par
    \b\fs32 Tittle\fs28 :-  \b0 CODES  Best Medical Coding Training Institute in Hyderabad\par
\b INTRODUTION:-\b0\par
With a hybrid model for online learning\par
Training at Codes Medical Coding Institute is an Opportunity to explore your knowledge, it will be helpfull in facilitating innovative skill set that helps in clearing your certification exam in your first attempt itself.Codes Medical Coding Institute is focused on providing high-quality coding services and customer satisfaction, we will do everything we can to meet your expectations. At Codes Medical Coding Institute we value respect, integrity, honesty,diversity, tolerance and quality and compassion for Services and learning individuals who are willing to embark on a new career path Codes Medical Coding Institute is a website designing, training centers, services to clients.\par
\b\fs32 WEB ElEMENTS :-\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 <div class=" Warpper">\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}<header id="ft-header">\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}<div class="container">\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}<div class="ft-header-content position-relative">\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}<div class="ft-header-top d-flex justify-content-end ul-li">\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}<ul class="list-inline">\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}<li class="m-0 pl-10 pr-10">\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}<div class="ft-header-main-menu d-flex align-items-center justify-content-between">\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}<div class="ft-brand-logo">\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}<div class="ft-header-main-menu-cta  d-flex align-items-center">\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}<nav class="ft-main-navigation clearfix ul-li">\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}<ul id="ft-main-nav">\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}<li class="dropdown">\par
{\pntext\f0 14.\tab}<li class="dropdown">\par
{\pntext\f0 15.\tab}<div class="ft-header-cta-btn">\par
{\pntext\f0 16.\tab}<a class="d-flex justify-content-center align-items-center" \par
{\pntext\f0 17.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu position-relative">\par
{\pntext\f0 18.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu_button open_mobile_menu">\par
{\pntext\f0 19.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu_button open_mobile_menu">\par
{\pntext\f0 20.\tab}<i class="fal fa-bars"></i>\par
{\pntext\f0 21.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu_wrap">\par
{\pntext\f0 22.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu_overlay open_mobile_menu"></div>\par
{\pntext\f0 23.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu_content">\par
{\pntext\f0 24.\tab}<div class="mobile_menu_close open_mobile_menu">\par
{\pntext\f0 25.\tab}<"i class="fal fa-times"></i>\tab\par
{\pntext\f0 26.\tab}<div class="m-brand-logo">\par
{\pntext\f0 27.\tab}<nav class="mobile-main-navigation  clearfix ul-li">\par
{\pntext\f0 28.\tab}<ul id="m-main-nav">\par
{\pntext\f0 29.\tab}<li class="dropdown"> \par
{\pntext\f0 30.\tab}<ul class="dropdown-menu clearfix">\par
{\pntext\f0 31.\tab}<div class="dropdown-btn"><span class="fas fa-caret-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 32.\tab}<div class="bannerSlider">\par
{\pntext\f0 33.\tab}<div class="slide">\par
{\pntext\f0 34.\tab}<div class="slide active" \par
{\pntext\f0 35.\tab}<div class="slide" \par
{\pntext\f0 36.\tab}<span class="leftArrow">\par
{\pntext\f0 37.\tab}<span class="rightArrow">\par
{\pntext\f0 38.\tab}<i class="fa fa-long-arrow-left">\par
{\pntext\f0 39.\tab}<i class="fa fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 40.\tab}<div class="home-contact">\par
{\pntext\f0 41.\tab}<div class="container-fluid">\par
{\pntext\f0 42.\tab}<div class="row">\par
{\pntext\f0 43.\tab}<div class="col-md-6">\par
{\pntext\f0 44.\tab}<div class="home-content">\par
{\pntext\f0 45.\tab}<p class="para-cls">\par
{\pntext\f0 46.\tab}<p class="para-cls">\par
{\pntext\f0 47.\tab}<p class="para-cls">\par
{\pntext\f0 48.\tab}<div class="col-md-6">\par
{\pntext\f0 49.\tab}<div class="bannerForm">\par
{\pntext\f0 50.\tab}<div class="row">\par
{\pntext\f0 51.\tab}<div class="col-md-6 col-sm-12 col-xs-6">\par
{\pntext\f0 52.\tab}<div class="nameField icon">\par
{\pntext\f0 53.\tab}<div class="col-md-6 col-sm-12 col-xs-6">\par
{\pntext\f0 54.\tab}<div class="emailField icon">\par
{\pntext\f0 55.\tab}<div class="col-md-12 col-sm-12 col-xs-6">\par
{\pntext\f0 56.\tab}<div class="phoneField icon">\par
{\pntext\f0 57.\tab}<div class="col-md-12 col-sm-12 col-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 58.\tab}<div class="projectField icon">\par
{\pntext\f0 59.\tab}<div class="col-md-12 col-sm-12 col-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 60.\tab}<div class="gain">\par
{\pntext\f0 61.\tab}<div class="container">\par
{\pntext\f0 62.\tab}<div class="gain-main d-flex flex-wrap">\par
{\pntext\f0 63.\tab}<div class="gain-lt col-lg-6">\par
{\pntext\f0 64.\tab}<h2 class="animated fadeInUp wow animated">\par
{\pntext\f0 65.\tab}<i class="far fa-arrow-alt-circle-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 66.\tab}<i class="far fa-arrow-alt-circle-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 67.\tab}<div class="gain-rt col-lg-6 animated fadeInUp wow animated">\par
{\pntext\f0 68.\tab}<div class="section5">\par
{\pntext\f0 69.\tab}<div class="container">\par
{\pntext\f0 70.\tab}<div class="row">\par
{\pntext\f0 71.\tab}<div class="col-md-12 text-center">\par
{\pntext\f0 72.\tab}<span class="th-blue">\par
{\pntext\f0 73.\tab}<span class="blue">\par
{\pntext\f0 74.\tab}<p class="para-ct">\par
{\pntext\f0 75.\tab}<div class="col-md-4 col-sm-6 cop-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 76.\tab}<div class="serices_sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 77.\tab}<div class="services_text aos-init">\par
{\pntext\f0 78.\tab}<div class="col-md-4 col-sm-6 cop-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 79.\tab}<div class="serices_sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 80.\tab}<div class="services_text aos-init">\par
{\pntext\f0 81.\tab}<div class="col-md-4 col-sm-6 cop-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 82.\tab}<div class="serices_sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 83.\tab}<div class="services_text aos-init">\par
{\pntext\f0 84.\tab}<div class="col-md-4 col-sm-6 cop-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 85.\tab}<div class="serices_sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 86.\tab}<div class="services_text aos-init">\par
{\pntext\f0 87.\tab}<div class="col-md-4 col-sm-6 cop-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 88.\tab}<div class="serices_sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 89.\tab}<div class="services_text aos-init">\par
{\pntext\f0 90.\tab}<div class="col-md-4 col-sm-6 cop-xs-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 91.\tab}<div class="serices_sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 92.\tab}<div class="services_text aos-init">\par
{\pntext\f0 93.\tab}<div class="accordion-sec">\par
{\pntext\f0 94.\tab}<div class="container">\par
{\pntext\f0 95.\tab}<div class="row">\par
{\pntext\f0 96.\tab}<div class="col-md-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 97.\tab}<div class="accordion" id="accordionExample">\par
{\pntext\f0 98.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 99.\tab}<id="headingOne">\par
{\pntext\f0 100.\tab}<button class="accordion-button"\par
{\pntext\f0 101.\tab}<div id="collapseOne" class="accordion-collapse collapse show">\par
{\pntext\f0 102.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 103.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 104.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingTwo">\par
{\pntext\f0 105.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed" >\par
{\pntext\f0 106.\tab}<div id="collapseTwo">\par
{\pntext\f0 107.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 108.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 109.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingThree>\par
{\pntext\f0 110.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed" >\par
{\pntext\f0 111.\tab}<div id="collapseThree">\par
{\pntext\f0 112.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 113.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 114.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingFour">\par
{\pntext\f0 115.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed">\par
{\pntext\f0 116.\tab}<div id="collapseFour">\par
{\pntext\f0 117.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 118.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 119.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingFive">\par
{\pntext\f0 120.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed">\par
{\pntext\f0 121.\tab}<div id="collapseFive">\par
{\pntext\f0 122.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 123.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 124.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingSix">\par
{\pntext\f0 125.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed">\par
{\pntext\f0 126.\tab}<div id="collapseSix">\par
{\pntext\f0 127.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 128.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 129.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingSeven">\par
{\pntext\f0 130.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed">\par
{\pntext\f0 131.\tab}<div id="collapseSeven" class="accordion-collapse collapse">\par
{\pntext\f0 132.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 133.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 134.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingEight">\par
{\pntext\f0 135.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed">\par
{\pntext\f0 136.\tab}<div id="collapseEight" >\par
{\pntext\f0 137.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 138.\tab}<div class="accordion-item">\par
{\pntext\f0 139.\tab}<h2 class="accordion-header" id="headingNine">\par
{\pntext\f0 140.\tab}<button class="accordion-button collapsed">\par
{\pntext\f0 141.\tab}<div id="collapseNine">\par
{\pntext\f0 142.\tab}<div class="accordion-body">\par
{\pntext\f0 143.\tab}<div class="client-section">\par
{\pntext\f0 144.\tab}<div class="container">\par
{\pntext\f0 145.\tab}<div class="row">\par
{\pntext\f0 146.\tab}<div class="col-md-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 147.\tab}<div class="slider">\par
{\pntext\f0 148.\tab}<div class="footer-middle">\par
{\pntext\f0 149.\tab}<div class="container">\par
{\pntext\f0 150.\tab}<div class="row footer_middel-row">\par
{\pntext\f0 151.\tab}<div class="col-md-3">\par
{\pntext\f0 152.\tab}<div class="col-md-2">\par
{\pntext\f0 153.\tab}<h3 class="widget-title">\par
{\pntext\f0 154.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 155.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 156.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 157.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 158.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 159.\tab}<div class="col-md-3">\par
{\pntext\f0 160.\tab}<h3 class="widget-title">\par
{\pntext\f0 161.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 162.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 163.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 164.\tab}<i class="fas fa-long-arrow-right">\par
{\pntext\f0 165.\tab}<div class="col-md-4">\par
{\pntext\f0 166.\tab}<h3 class="widget-title">\par
{\pntext\f0 167.\tab}<i class="fas fa-map-marker-alt">\par
{\pntext\f0 168.\tab}<i class="fas fa-phone">\par
{\pntext\f0 169.\tab}<i class="fas fa-envelope">\par
{\pntext\f0 170.\tab}<div class="sreemaavi-footer-social ul-li">\par
{\pntext\f0 171.\tab}<div class="row">\par
{\pntext\f0 172.\tab}<div class="col-md-12">\par
{\pntext\f0 173.\tab}<div class="sreemaavi-footer-copyright text-center">\par
{\pntext\f0 174.\tab}<div id="gb-widget-243"<div id="gb-widget-243"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\tab\tab\tab\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\fs32 links:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 css link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 js link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 bootstrap link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 bootsrap.main.js link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 slick link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 slick.js link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 sytle link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 wow.main.js\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 jquery.main.js link\fs28\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\fs32 jquery.cssslider.main link\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\b0\fs22\par
}
 